resistance|pull-ups
resistance|goblet squats
resistance|single-leg deadlift
resistance|kettlebell swings
resistance|bench press
resistance|lat pulldowns
resistance|push-ups
resistance|bicep curls
resistance|glute bridge
resistance|incline chest press
resistance|reverse lunges
resistance|deadlifts
resistance|shoulder press
resistance|dumbbell rows
resistance|side lunges
resistance|calf raises
resistance|tricep extensions
resistance|chest fly
resistance|weighted step-ups
cardio|burpees
cardio|high knees
cardio|mountain climbers
cardio|rower machine
cardio|kickboxing
cardio|jump rope
cardio|stair climber
cardio|hill sprints
cardio|shadow boxing
cardio|treadmill sprints
cardio|jumping jacks
cardio|battle ropes
cardio|elliptical machine
cardio|bicycle crunches
cardio|jump squats
cardio|swimming laps
cardio|stationary cycling
cardio|skaters
cardio|burpee tuck jumps
cardio|hiking
